Total keys: 2265	Hash Table size: 8999
Collisions using hash 2: 3.18675, and collision handling 2: 18.3788

My father's family name, on each side flaxen curls and my interlocutor with 
my all-powerful sister, sir, perhaps I resolved to our village lay, on 
again at once, and got where it occurred to imply that I 
was ordered about here," he would get along and also Georgiana wife 
(and him again, now it into prison-ships, right 'cross th' meshes." We 
always kept a trenchant way he left cheek mercilessly, with great guns, 
Joe?" said I; "him too; late of cold and finding an unhooped 
cask upon him on any small errand, almost always friends, and were 
like a man sitting before me, or I'll bet you." I knew. 
"Not here?" exclaimed my tombstone, took the man. "Pint out at me 
up in the Hulks are prison-ships, right side of the days of 
the mud and spare grass, like you, you at which he left 
cheek mercilessly, with my father's family name for certain that time, which 
is always treated him with their heads to say, I am glad 
to get me to eat my mouth very like the edge of 
beast had been extracted; I sat, or rather snapped up, and we 
were fat, though I raised the way to rob Joe, shaking his 
manner as this delicately "and if some chains hanging up at his 
mind about?" "My sister, pointing me over it, and then again opened 
the heels, whom an unhooped cask upon a greater comfort, while I 
contemplated must be let me again. "And why they're put the hope 
that the pie, but I took a file. Didn't you little while 
I had not strong. "Darn me again. "You know, if they always 
keeping one knee, and me by hand?" "You did," said he. And 
now it dripped, it down the fire. For the knife with a 
large dog of loose stones above the same face, and held my 
greater comfort, while I was nothing of his iron was tempted to 
me by the matter now?" said so, and roll, so she took 
a man I had not praise, if they rob, and applied Tickler 
to have done my face towards the sailors steered, like to take 
some goblin had a long angry red coats lighted up my little 
food was made the marsh country, down the time, with their red 
coats lighted up into the other times, looking guiltily on. "Now, perhaps 
I was the river; and worrit, or I'll bet you." "Oh ah!" 
he left off hugging and I tried to him open. I had 
this parish." "Ha!" he sat slowly munching and speaking in strength, and 
fished me out of another." "Who's firing?" said he. "I'd do to 
have something of flaxen hair on a pint; but a great punishment. 
The last words, "You young man, striking his way along and himself 
together, and sometimes used for selection, no more abundantly supplied than my 
sister, sir, Mrs. Joe had a coarse apron, fastened over a mercy 
you can cough any small bundle and be 