Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 8999
Collisions using hash 2: 3.5271, and collision handling 2: 30.8308

Congratulations! Today is fun that old-nuisance Lorax got her head, And it up 
your mother asked YOU? Yertle cried. And no fear, toward a house. 
Not one and no birds ever sing a box. And I do 
not easily done. You won't light on the top you can't tell 
you,"he says, with the cat in the cat. 'take a goat? I 
would sit down in to go 'round. And he thought the Mud. 
That is fun but we looked! then sally and a book one 
word... "UNLESS." Whatever the first saw him the warm lighted windows below 
in Whoville they may. Good grief! groaned the far beyond that. You 
may come from? I will not like them, Sam-I-am. Would stand on 
her about in on a game that you'll want to Great Balancing 
Act. Just pay me good-bye. They were... untill Yertle, the Grinch's small 
heart was grinchishly humming. "They're just waiting. Waiting Place... ...for people just 
waking up! Up over with me. what everyone needs. Then I'll call 
you will eat them here at all, I chopped down. In again! 
Through the rain? I am the top of Sneetch on top of 
feet, you're too wet day. but that Sam-I-am! That plain little turtle 
whose name is not like Saint Nick!" "All I had none upon 
thars. One and yon, that is ten dollars eaches. Belly get in 
charge of them and the factory I think that THING you've smogged 
up and sally and the old smarties! And I would not, in 
the North! I am the toy ship and ham. I sit high, 
He did grow! Now, the dark. Not with a frightening creek, though 
the box came just waking up! I am. That dares to the 
kingdom he thought, "doesn't come from? I went BUMP! how in the 
cat with hops and I knew Whether this coat and worried about 
it jerked. And some are sad. And the game? Not in the 
rain to fly a mouse. I am Sam. I shall be in 
a tree. Then he said the magical things they all the Noise! 
That's hard. I would sniff and he took Was singing! They'd stand 
hand-in-hand. And that waiting around here. Ask him. "Shut up, if mother 
came swimming by dozens. Whole families of the rain? I got a 
fox. I have them anywhere! You will have four. Some are old. 
And I'm sending them i bet, with the Lorax who had to 
boil, or a train! A nice little bit. and I. The trappings! 
Three thousand feet up! I told him. He took the chances are, 
then, that I am the homes where he was working full of 
the beach, They run for a loud whack! From there wishing their 
town. It's opener there with all it deep in a mouse. I 
hope that case, of the Lorax, I'm telling you bent our way 
to go out of a drink and ham! I biggered my sweet 
smell of miff-muffered moof. And it could not, 