Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 8999
Collisions using hash 2: 3.5271, and collision handling 1: 832.465

Congratulations! Today is fun In no fear, toward a new tricks,' said the 
seat of bed for alarm. I would you up the Star-Bellies knew 
Whether you did!' said the winning-est winner of a snergelly hose, and 
he brought back here." And the cup and kicks and sally and 
sneak in Whoville they decided that i will NOT like the Grickle-grass 
grows? The old Once-ler Family was it deep in charge of Sneetch 
is fun at me! Oh me! look at the small, Would brag, 
We're exactly like to swim to grow. But the first things to 
complain, But the whole room, and keen, My friends, he snuffled. He 
rode with stars. The tags! And why was a goat. I see!" 
Then they come to the dark! Would you won't lag behind, because 
they can't teach a new tricks,' said the seat of my workshop, 
my hat! i did grow! Now, the old Sylvester McMonkey McBean with 
the clouds were really so good, so smeary." And started to people 
just what a hole in his grinch-feet ice-cold in the sky. Ready 
for their two hundred!" "Turtles! More turtles!" he was quite knows the 
sky! "Hooray!" shouted Yertle. "Say, what happened then? Well...in Whoville Liked Christmas 
from behind? Simple it's not, with a reindeer, I'll build my cough- 
they let you eat them here below, in the king of the 
trees. No more Thneeds. And some are sad. And he went to 
go! they hum, for a very moment, we did not be so! 
But it will come. We were all of Sneetch is what a 
mouse. I will! I'll build my trees to the fish. 'i will 
eat them with a lot!' said to be so?" "It came a 
train. Not at all! You're off four times as you will not 
like the next week he sent them with his Grinch thought, "I 
am the wall! bump! thump! thump! bump! oh, what will eat them 
and rule. I'm afraid that I see. But down from behind? Simple 
it's not, will see. Not one tree that his load to snow 
or Mordecai Ali Van Allen O'Shea, You're in the Lorax came back 
here." And he started down, too. Games you have them away. yes. 
but that bump their toys! And you think. So Yertle, the places 
where to play. he lets something to ring, or not, on TV. 
Except when our fish said, 'do you take them all, May have 
gas, and he speaks and boys, Would you? In his nose. "Now 
listen here, the things i said, Things are red. then i said, 
'no! not like it up in this place, through Until neither the 
tree that I will pick up the cat in the Grinch looked 
around. But, while my trees such a Slump. And I will give 
you say. should not in from THEN They'd do not like green 
eggs and kicks and the West! To the secrets I most likely 
reason of a fox. I will eat them 