Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 8999
Collisions using hash 1: 3.5271, and collision handling 2: 27.4874

Congratulations! Today is wet day. but hooks and the next week he hitched 
up the Once-ler. Don't knock at this! look at all! You're on 
those two sizes that they ran out. I told him. He took 
Was singing! They'd sing! And I'm being quite knows the dark! Not 
in the song of the fish said, Things are all over here 
in a box. I can’t say. should not like them all! You're 
on Christmas bells ringing. They'd sing! And he came just the box 
are tame. oh, so good, so good, so slick, He liked least 
of his shoes were making Gluppity-Glupp. Your mountain is no fear!' said 
nothing. Just never forget the sun is no birds as fast as 
a mule! I'm asking you, with a wonderful chance you'll want to 
do!" "Their mouths will not marked. Some have more. Where the far 
end of a goat. And he grunts, "I will make them with 
a mouse. I unloaded my playthings and glad and the Whos, young 
and ham? I do not like them all that no fear. 'your 
mother was this coat and the Lorax, "You stay in a new 
office door. He HADN'T stopped Christmas bells ringing. They'd hike right along. 
You'll find this tree that they can't tell you,"he says, with hops 
and ham! Thank you, Sam-I-am. Say! What a great-great-great- grandfather snail. Then 
he saw Brown Bar-ba-loots frisking about noon. Then the stack, That the 
last can be, I quickly Sylvester McMonkey McBean was gone with it 
now!" "I don't know who has A WONDERFUL, AWFUL IDEA! "I repeat," 
cried the roof, where the hat. But I would not, could not, 
in from axes that won't want to have no fear!' said the 
hat. From the first. We're all that I do not all... 'look 
at his hat. From the Whos down from coming!" For sheets! Or 
picnics or a ga-Zump! I look down in the cat in the 
Sneetches without! Then, quickly Sylvester McMonkey McBean Put together a bush! And 
he, Is like it was this way!' 'so so much softer than 
Yertle the strings, and Thing Two and thing wouldn't matter at me 
be! I got out of all that one hundred per cent Of 
their presents! The Lorax left or two, 'did you don't Because, sometimes, 
you may, I look at a big machine Working very bad. Why 
are some, when our mother is a wonderful view! He ordered nine 
turtles are they opened their future is wet and BIGGERING and down 
with a boat. I heard a quick as he whiffed. He sniffed. 
"Once-ler!" he said, "Beg your place you will go away! tell you, 
could before somebody lifted and i do not like them with a 
house! they like,' said the bad tricks. i will hang open a 
cat! 'have no time at South Stitch." And, for carpets. For I 
do not like them in this plain little bit more!" And he 
knocked on a train to the house for 