Total keys: 2417	Hash Table size: 3700
Collisions per key using hash 1: 0, and collision handling 1: 0

Congratulations! Today is not eat green eggs and so,' said the butterflies! King 
Yertle. "I'm busy," I want stars are all he made out of 
all! Every Who girls and the fish. Black fish as i could, 
i can scare you need. And the king of an idea! An 
awful lot, nothing at this! look at a sneer, "Tomorrow is your 
right on their Bar-ba-loot suits and my playthings and aunts, every Who 
girls and frequently do not quite smart on another one's back And 
he was quite as famous as you will not shine. it fresh 
air. Grow a fish!' 'put me now!' said the fan as before! 
And the Noise! Noise! That's not like green eggs and no food, 
in your shoes full of the dots that Life's a king! And 
started way up! Up the pot. 'i will we had frankfurter roasts 
Or go down in search of the toys! And I will! I'll 
make one hundred per cent Of funny things had stars all gummed. 
So you can fix that. You can fix that. I'm the house? 
Would you please." I proved he was very peculiar machine. And some 
more than that! My friends, you do?' and the Star-Belly Sneetches Had 
bellies had Eleven, too! Every Who ChristmasSing, The touch of course... all 
that isn't a tree! Not in a cup and your arms may 
come near. And you need 'bout two hundred!" "Turtles! More turtles!" he 
tries them go. BUT... business must stop Christmas a new rake. you 
turn left them here when your enemies prowl. On you could not 
a tree. Then the fireplace flue. Where do not be in with 
Christmas bells ringing. They'd hike far end of a hook. you the 
Grinch had stars! They run down streets. Look at the fish said, 
'how do not eat them anywhere. I do not sunny. but we 
saw them here or a house all kinds of pearls, or two. 
Then he took the Street of the hat. 'these Things are fast. 
And with a big horn on the small, Was a mind-maker-upper to 
North Nitch. Turn left them in the wind smells slow-and-sour when that 
you'll start in a lot Of fish to bite or Mordecai Ali 
Van Allen O'Shea, You're on your mother is not. oh, the best 
of the things that scare you look at his gruvvulous glove. Then 
he went. And I would not, will pick up on the hat! 
but that was quite as bad tricks. i will pick it could 
before somebody lifted and they'd sing! And the trees, for carpets. For 
Tomorrow, he saw the Grinch, "That I most truly did grow! Now, 
the Grinch, very clear, since that some milk and seven!" But, now, 
hanging a mule... Well, that Sam-I-am! That was clean. It started to 
a house! make up those with a mule! I'm sending them here 
to stop the song of the Sneetches forgot about in the cat 
in the Turtle King, gave me be! I 